2020.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 6)
 * Bug Fix: Versal Example Designs Critical Warnings are fixed
 * New Feature: Added Block Automation Support
 * New Feature: HDCP 2.3 Support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 5)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: VU37P and VU47P Status changed to Production
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for 3D Audio
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Aligner Detection Issue
 * Bug Fix: Fixed HDMI Example Design will not work with the new DIMM on ZCU102 or ZCU106
 * Bug Fix: Fixed custom resolution with 25Hz detected as 24Hz
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for Arbitrary Resolution
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Type mismatch between connected pins Warning in Example Design
 * Bug Fix: Fixed No cells matched warning caused by constraints in hdmi_acr_ctrl.xdc and AudioGen.xdc in Example Design
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for Virtexuplus58g and VirtexuplusHBM Device
 * Feature Enhancement: Enhanced AUX packet FIFO reading mechanism
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Video Drop (2160p) after running for 15-45 minutes
 * Bug Fix: Removed un-used pin (IDT_8T49N241_RST_OUT) in ZCU104
 * Bug Fix: Removed overriding of the PSS_REF_CLK for ZCU104
 * Feature Enhancement: Added two Interrupt in HDMI TX detecting Video Bridge FIFO status (overflow and underflow)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design supporting core upversion (v_tpg from 7.0 to 8.0)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design supporting core upversion (microblaze from 10.0 to 11.0)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for XC7Z012S Zynq Device
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 3.1
 * No changes

2018.1:
 * Version 3.1
 * Bug Fix: Improve transition from HDMI mode to DVI mode when no AUX packets received for 30 frames
 * Bug Fix: Improved dynamic transition from HDMI 1.4 to HDMI 2.0
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Native interface 4 PPC mode distribution of blanking time to be even across lines
 * Bug Fix: Fixed occasional drop of audio packets
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the Zynq Ultrscale+ PS settings to match the demo board for FSBL support
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design supporting core upversion (vid_phy_controller from v2.1 to v2.2)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design AXILITE Configuration Support (50Mhz, 100Mhz, 150Mhz, 200Mhz)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design new board supports (VCU118, ZCU104, ZCU106)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design supporting core upversion (clk_wiz from 5.4 to 6.0)
 * Other: Added capability to exit deep color mode, when the sink does not receive a GCP with non-zero CD for more than 4 consecutive video fields
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed incorrect HFP and HBP value for VIC106
 * Bug Fix: Allow axi4-lite to read Aud_Reset and TMDSClkRatio registers bits
 * Bug Fix: Fixed HBR Audio support issue
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Audio Channel Swapping issue in Audio Pattern Generator
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 3.0
 * Bug Fix: Synchronized AXI master reset for all processor blocks
 * Bug Fix: Updated ACR controller to support HDMI 2.0
 * Bug Fix: Updated to block reading VTC register when no video clock is present
 * Bug Fix: Updated Example Design C_HDMI_FAST_SWITCH to have default as true
 * Bug Fix: Fixed intermittent RX Stream lock issue for HDMI 2.0 Line Rate
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue with swapped horizontal front porch and back porch
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue with color shift
 * Bug Fix: HDCP 2.2 RxStatus Fix
 * Bug Fix: Updated axis reset to be fully synchronous
 * Bug Fix: Updated axis clock to 150Mhz for 4PPC for better timing closure
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design supporting core upversion (vid_phy_controller from v2.0 to v2.1)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design topology supports (TX-Only, RX-Only, Pass-through)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design VPHY Configuration Support (NI-DRU Enable/Disable, TXPLL selection, RXPLL selection)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design new board supports (ZCU102, ZCU106)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design subcore addressing mechanism changed from auto-assign to fix address
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Timing violation in Exdes for Zynq devices
 * Bug Fix: Fix to detect OESS encryption disablement when connected to a DVI source
 * Feature Enhancement: Added HBR Audio Feature
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Fix for DDC Segment pointer reset issue in HDMI RX core
 * Bug Fix: Fix for C_DDC_EDID_SIZE propagation from GUI to HDMI RX core
 * Bug Fix: HDCP RX Compliance Fixes for 2017.1 (HDMI Mode detection, Sync Loss Detection, OESS Signaling Support)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed CDC issues
 * Bug Fix: Reduce BRAM usage in Example design to 512K with HDCP or 256K without HDCP
 * Bug Fix: Tie vid_phy_controller input pins vid_phy_tx_axi4s_aresetn and vid_phy_tx_axi4s_aresetn to HIGH
 * Bug Fix: Suppresspress BD warnings by using connect_bd_net -quiet
 * Bug Fix: Remove Microblaze cache settings from Example design as those are disabled parameters
 * Bug Fix: Improve CPU SS reset mechanism
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design supporting core upversion (clk_wiz from 5.3 to 5.4, Microblaze from 9.6 to 10.0)
 * Feature Enhancement: Integrated HLS based remapper feature into video bridge subcore
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Vivado Example Design support for ZC706 Board.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Updated DDC peripheral; solved issue with HDCP 2.2 Rx Status reads and added HDCP 1.4 KSV fifo
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue with HDMI RX for video streams with no VIC code (VIC = 0)
 * Bug Fix: Corrected issue with deep color video
 * Bug Fix: Resolved Combinatorial Logic Critical Warning when enabling HDCP 2.2
 * Bug Fix: Fixed HDCP mapping to suppress SUGGESTED_PRIOITY warning when validating Vivado IP Integrator design
 * Bug Fix: Fixed error when setting the s_axi_cpu_aclk to something other than 100MHz
 * Bug Fix: Fixed NI-DRU 10bit 12bit issue by increasing the FIFO size to 32
 * Feature Enhancement: Add HDCP mode bit and HDCP 1.4 short read to DDC peripheral
 * Feature Enhancement: Added new flag to the pixel packing phase output
 * Feature Enhancement: Added pixel packing phase new signal
 * Feature Enhancement: Added HPD and Cable Detect polarity control in GUI
 * Feature Enhancement: Added HDCP auto-switching between 1.4 and 2.2
 * Feature Enhancement: Added HDCP repeater mode support
 * Feature Enhancement: Integrated reference design Vivado release. It is now available as Example Design. It currently supports KC705 and KCU105 Boards.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added option to Enable/Disable Remapper
 * Added HDCP mode bit and HDCP 1.4 short read to DDC peripheral
 * Fixed the missing Preamble for all Audio Channel Pairs
 * Fixed issue with image flickering and wrong display image
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Added Native video interface to increase user flexibility and optimize resource
 * Added support for HDCP 1.4 and 2.2
 * Added 3D video support
 * Updated the GUI display to have "Number of pixels per clock on Video Interface"
 * Fixed issue with Link Clock failing to run at 297MHz with Hardware Evaluation License
 * Changed the license type in IP Catalog to be "Purchase" which was incorrectly marked as "Included"
 * Added XC7Z015clg485 device support
 * Fixed issue with receiving 720p59 and 720p60 in RGB or YCbCr 444 10 bit mode
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.0
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial Release
 * HDMI 1.4 and 2.0 Sink
 * Single, dual, and quad pixel-wide video interface
 * Video resolutions up to UHD @ 60 fps
 * Video encoding RGB 4:4:4, YCbCr 4:4:4, YCbCr 4:2:2, and YCbCr 4:2:0
 * Deep color support (24, 30, 36 and 48-bits per pixel)
 * Audio support for up to 8 channels and sample rates up to 192 kHz
 * Supports info frames, DDC, EDID, hot plug, SCDC and scrambler
 * Optional HDCP 1.4 support
 * Supports Video and Audio over AXI-S and control/status over AXI-lite interfaces

(c) Copyright 2015 - 2020 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
